Now that we're able to reset everything here
once we created something, it would be nice if we could also fix find places to make sure that
when we add a new place here,
it also shows up here even if we have visited this page before.
The reason why it's not showing up right now is that
if we have a look at find place, we load the places in componentDidMount
and as mentioned multiple times now, this is not executed
if we visit this page, it wasn't destroyed in between,
so we never load new pages, new places excuse me.
Well the way to fix it is simple,
we can use the same approach we just used in share place, we can listen to the will appear event here
on the react native navigation and we already have everything set up to listen to navigator events.
This method will be executed once one occurs and there I get my code from before with will appear,
I just don't call props on start add place but this props on load places.
Now I can remove componentDidMount and if I save this with this tiny change, so moving this into this
will appear method or will appear lifecycle hook or event, just with this change if I now reload my app,
let's find the places and you see we get a couple of places, the last one is FDS here.
So now if I add a new place here, let's use this one with the plants here, now if I locate myself and
say a new place with multiple exclamation marks so that we recognize it,
if I now shared this place here and wait for this to finish, we see the new place here too. As a side note
you can also pick an image here of course, do something, locate yourself, test, share the place and navigate
away whilst this is loading and go back and go back here and you will also see it.
So this is now working, now we're really reloading the places even if we did visit this page before,
this is how simple it is.
Now of course you could also use this to reset state of data loaded to show this button again and
to always have that animation again,
so you could say this set state and set
what do we have here, places loaded
to false.
If you do this here, now you have a different behavior even, we can reload this page, find our places of
course, create a new place and once it's finished, you can again press this button.
This might be annoying though, you maybe don't always want to just go back to this state,
so I will actually uncomment this
but you can use it.